Simplify note about functions in ch13-01-closures.md (#3699)
rust-lang/book: src/ch13-01-closures.md

closures implement `FnOnce`, `unwrap_or_else` accepts the most different kinds
of closures and is as flexible as it can be.

> > Note: Functions can be used in place of closures in some cases. For example,
> > we could call `unwrap_or_else(Vec::new)` on a value of type `Option<Vec<T>>`.
> > If the value is `None`, we would get a new, empty vector. It works because
> > functions implement the `Fn` traits just like closures. However, only
> > closures can capture variables from the environment, functions cannot do it.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
> Note: If what we want to do doesn’t require capturing a value from the
> environment, we can use the name of a function rather than a closure. For
> example, we could call `unwrap_or_else(Vec::new)` on a `Option<Vec<T>>` value
> to get a new, empty vector if the value is `None`. The compiler automatically
> implements whichever of the `Fn` traits is applicable for a function
> definition.
```
